Latest updates based on feedback. (#11)
Azure-Samples/azure-monitor-opencensus-python: azure_monitor/README.md

---
title: 'Getting Started with App Insights for Python via OpenCensus Samples'
description: Getting Started with App Insights for Python via OpenCensus Samples.
author: givenscj
ms.author: givenscj
ms.devlang: python
ms.topic: sample
ms.date: 07/27/2022
ms.custom: []
---

# Getting Started with App Insights for Python via OpenCensus Samples

Many of the samples in this folder support the https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/app/opencensus-python articles.  Reference these articles for more information on how OpenCensus works with Python and Application Insights.

The following samples are available in this repo:

- [Azure Functions - Utilizes dependency tracking via MySQL and Azure Storage](./azfunc_sample/README.md)

> - [Django - Utilizes custom metrics based on web application events in an App Service](./django_sample/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Django - Utilizes custom metrics based on web application events in Azure App Service](./django_sample/README.md)
```

- [Flask - Utilizes OpenCensus Request and SqlAlchemy dependency tracking](./flask_sample/README.md)

> - [Python (Simple) - Simple python applications that utilize OpenCensus tracing](./simple_sample/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Python (Simple) - Simple python applications that demonstrat OpenCensus distributed tracing, metrics and logging](./simple_sample/README.md)
```
